new 7.1.2 section on key protection (#399)
ietf-wg-gnap/gnap-core-protocol: draft-ietf-gnap-core-protocol.md

a public key at a URL. For interoperability, this method could later be described
as an extension.

### Key Protection {#key-protection}

> The security of GNAP when in use with symmetric keys relies on the cryptographic security of the keys themselves. 
> Therefore, a key management system MUST be used to supply the keys. Moreover, the symmetric key MUST NOT be a human memorable password or a value derived from one.

Reviewer: I like what you're doing here, but I think maybe we can do something like this instead:

```suggestion
The security of GNAP relies on the cryptographic security of the keys themselves. 
When used with symmetric keys, a key management system or secure key derivation mechanism MUST be used to supply the keys. Symmetric keys MUST NOT be a human memorable password or a value derived from one.
```
